Take the improvised junk
Compared to what we spent three months working on
Hmph, I don't know how high the sky is
pretend
If you don't die, you won't die.
I have a habit when I create
I just can't hear a dog barking.
If you keep barking
Then I have to stop.
You shut up
Leave him alone.
I'm going to convince him what he said
Pay for your own arrogance and ignorance
Although Miss Jiang is known as a talented designer
But this scene design
Difficulty is not small
Are you questioning his ability?
Not really. No, actually.
Which one of your works is good, I don't need to say more
Jiangcai Cuisine
What do you know about aesthetics?
Just your kind of unglamorous rubbish design
How do you match it?
You said he was trash.
Garbage
Then you'd better listen to everyone's opinion.
Their opinion is exactly the same as mine
Your costume design is so ugly
He only deserves to be thrown into the trash can.
Don't be impulsive